[Music]
you know what they call trees in the
forest fire
fuel you know what they call the trees
left up on the fire goes by they called
them the standing dead monster is dead
okay
and of course is his pride got hurt
that happens sometimes
you don't have to worry about anything
Joe there comes a time when man needs
some more to hang his hat on got this
homicide my head I need to do something
about it
you understand I think your father has a
woman out here he wouldn't do that no
why do you think that do things they
need to go crazier it's a woman
[Music]
are they that's true people are drawn to
things they shouldn't be
I was dressed like this all the time
when I was younger it's probably nice to
know your parents will once my your
parents
does your mother do some of it he would
like to have to tell me about
[Music]
what's going to happen to us